Yariks and austins comments (#64)
myyoda/principles-paper: main.tex

\textbf{Letter} & \textbf{Principle} & \textbf{Description} \\
\hline
S & Self-containment & A research object is a complete retrieval unit---it can be obtained and understood in its entirety without needing to reference external resources. \\
T & Tracking & The state and provenance of all components is recorded. \\

> A & Actionability & Procedures within a research object can be carried out by following or executing its contents. \\

Reviewer: "executing ... contents" is odd to me

```suggestion
A & Actionability & Research object contains machine-actionable information to carry out procedures to obtain or reproduce content. \\
```

M & Modularity & All modules are independent and composable. \\

> P & Portability & Procedures can be executed on modules moved to different environments. \\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
P & Portability & Research object could be moved to different environments while retaining its STAMPED properties. \\
```
